hello it's Ruby and today I'm doing
another study with me so at the moment
you can see me doing a religious
experience si and now I've moved on to
doing some Spanish worksheets so now I'm
writing a mini Spanish si paragraph and
this is on a level in third and final
and now I'm doing some English
flashcards for the Great Gatsby and I
then decided to type up and analyze my
key quotes then here I'm writing some
notes on David Humes criticisms of the
teleological and cosmological arguments
so next I am marking a Spanish paper and
then I decided to write a mini essay for
English
here I'm writing an essay plan on how
Shakespeare breaks conventional ideals
in The Winter's Tale and then I decided
to write the essay
I've ended another short English as a
paragraph this time on poetry next there
is an RSS a this time on Humes
criticisms of the teleological argument
then I did a little bit of Spanish
Quizlet and another Spanish paper
here you can see me mocking the pika
[Music]
then I did a Spanish listening paper
I then did some practice mechanisms for
Castro and then to finish I just went
over some key themes in Pan's Labyrinth
so thank you for watching and have a
productive week
[Music]